docs: add timer config to README and manpage (#1771)
canonical/ubuntu-advantage-client: README.md

`<protocol>://[<username>:<password>@]<fqdn>:<port>`

### Timer jobs
UA client sets up a systemd timer to run jobs that need to be executed recurrently.
Everytime the timer runs, it decides which jobs need to be executed based on their
_intervals_. Current jobs being checked and executed are:

| Job | Description | Interval |
| --- | ----------- | -------- |
| update_messaging | Update MOTD and APT messages | 6 hours |
| update_status | Update UA status | 12 hours |

> | gcp_auto_attach | Try to auto-attach a GCP instance | 30 minutes |

Reviewer: I think you mean `Try to auto-attach on a GCP instance`.

Also, I think we should better describe why we are running each job, specially the GCP one.

### Timer jobs
UA client sets up a systemd timer to run jobs that need to be executed recurrently.
Everytime the timer runs, it decides which jobs need to be executed based on their
_intervals_. Current jobs being checked and executed are:

| Job | Description | Interval |
| --- | ----------- | -------- |
| update_messaging | Update MOTD and APT messages | 6 hours |
| update_status | Update UA status | 12 hours |
| gcp_auto_attach | Try to auto-attach on a GCP instance | 30 minutes |

- The `update_messaging` job makes sure that the MOTD and APT messages match the
available/enabled services on the system, showing information about available
packages or security updates. See [MODT messages](#motd-messages).
- The `update_status` job makes sure the `ua status` command will have the latest
information even when executed by a non-root user, updating the
`/var/lib/ubuntu-advantage/status.json` file.
- The `gcp_auto_attach` job will try to `ua auto-attach` on GCP generic
Ubuntu machines. If the machine (through the Google Cloud) was converted to
PRO, it will pick the license and perform the attach. Noops if not on GCP, or
if already attached.

> The timers can be changed in the config file, under `ua_config`, by setting a

Author: @lamoura entry added

`<protocol>://[<username>:<password>@]<fqdn>:<port>`

### Timer jobs
UA client sets up a systemd timer to run jobs that need to be executed recurrently.
The timer itself ticks every 5 minutes on average, and decides which jobs need
to be executed based on their _intervals_.

Jobs are executed by the timer script if:

> - They did not run yet, or
> - Their interval is already exceeded.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The script has not yet run successfully, or
- Their interval since last successful run is already exceeded.
```

There is a random delay applied to the timer, to desynchronize job execution time
on machines spinned at the same time, avoiding multiple synchronized calls to the
same service.

Current jobs being checked and executed are:

| Job | Description | Interval |
| --- | ----------- | -------- |
| update_messaging | Update MOTD and APT messages | 6 hours |
| update_status | Update UA status | 12 hours |
| gcp_auto_attach | Try to auto-attach on a GCP instance | 30 minutes |

- The `update_messaging` job makes sure that the MOTD and APT messages match the
available/enabled services on the system, showing information about available

> packages or security updates. See [MODT messages](#motd-messages).

Author: quick lapse of dyslexia

- The `update_status` job makes sure the `ua status` command will have the latest
information even when executed by a non-root user, updating the
`/var/lib/ubuntu-advantage/status.json` file.

> - The `gcp_auto_attach` job will try to `ua auto-attach` on GCP generic
> Ubuntu machines. If the machine (through the Google Cloud) was converted to
> PRO, it will pick the license and perform the attach. Noops if not on GCP, or
> if already attached.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `gcp_auto_attach` job is only operable on Google Cloud Platform (GCP) generic Ubuntu VMs without an active Ubuntu Advantage license. It polls GCP metadata every 5 minutes to discover if a license has been attached to the VM through Google Cloud and will perform `ua auto-attach` in that case.

```

> The timers can be changed in the config file, under `ua_config`, by setting a

Reviewer 2: Let's avoid documenting the specific settings inside uaclient.conf since we recommend people use `ua config set`.

# Make apt aware of the ESM source files
sudo apt update
# Generates ubuntu-advantage-tools messages that should be delivered to MOTD
# This script is triggered by the systemd timer 4 times a day. To test it, we need
# to enforce that it was already executed.
sudo systemctl start ua-timer.service

> # Force updating MOTD messages related to update-notifier

Author: As this is not in `lib` anymore, should it be updated/removed? How do we call this now?
